# CS250SDLC
This repository is intended to display portfolio work done in the CS250 course at SNHU.

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs as directive for pointing me in the right direction. When someone asks you to design something, it's usually because they are seeking your expertise in design. Therefore, a user need will not always be a concrete recipe for a product's solution, but rather a direction to point the light through the tunnel. Implementing user needs into a program would likely involve the creation of 'user stories' to identify code specificities, user requirements, and other acceptance criterion to get moving in the right direction. Once working software is produced to a testing phase, I would use the feedback of the tester and product owner to work my way towards an ideal product to match the user's request and hopefully exceed expectations under budget.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs with the notion that much like art, one should step back and think about the big picture. What am I trying to achieve? Who is my audience? Does this program need to be coded or can a simple Excel sheet solve the problem? It is important to assess the big picture because of how much time and resources you can save by just stepping back and taking it all in. Then, and only then, the most important part of developing is the design. The code is the stroke of the brush, so yes it is important, but it is not the solution. The design of how to implement the code is the mental work of art that makes the masterpiece what it is and allows those brush strokes to mean something. The agile process I hope to incorporate into my future development work are user stories, sprints, sprint reviews and retrospectives, the Scrum team, and most of all, the feedback loop. The feedback loop is the bread and butter of agile methodologies because it is what allows changes to be a strategy for customer satisfaction.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
What it means to be a good team member in software development is to openly communicate, be respectable, respectful to others, punctual, objective, self-aware, a team player, and always on your toes. You have to be able to objectively adapt to change and to different work environments with various roles and types of team members of everchanging levels of experience. Being a good team member means doing your part to contribute to goals and always competing with yourself to be the best team member you can be. You have to be an advocate across the board for yourself, your teams, your products, your stakeholders, your clients, and your users. It's not how many wins you get, it's how you move forward and grow as a team to collectively produce the best results overall.
